Added minor fixes (#3)
dmak84/mobile-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/native/ds-android-intro.adoc

*Realtime Updates*

> The Apollo GraphQL clients supports realtime updates, however this features are not widely documented in official channel

Author: ```suggestion
The Apollo GraphQL clients support realtime updates, however, these features are not widely documented in the official documentation
```
